style: migrate to ruff (#562)
allenai/tango: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

        isort .
        black .

>     Our CI also uses [`ruff`](https://github.com/allenai/tango/tree/main/tests) to lint the code base and [`mypy`](http://mypy-lang.org/) for type-checking. You should run both of these next with

Reviewer: Let's just link to ruff instead
```suggestion
    Our CI also uses [`ruff`](https://github.com/charliermarsh/ruff) to lint the code base and [`mypy`](http://mypy-lang.org/) for type-checking. You should run both of these next with
```

>     Our CI also uses [`ruff`](https://github.com/allenai/tango/tree/main/tests) to lint the code base and [`mypy`](http://mypy-lang.org/) for type-checking. You should run both of these next with

Reviewer: Let's just link to ruff instead
```suggestion
    Our CI also uses [`ruff`](https://github.com/charliermarsh/ruff) to lint the code base and [`mypy`](http://mypy-lang.org/) for type-checking. You should run both of these next with
```

Author: Addressed in 980da4e1bc464bdfbf01dcfeacdba3c3b2045122
